{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14560\viewh13740\viewkind0
\hyphauto1\hyphfactor90
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Image Lossless vs Lossy\
http://www.pxleyes.com/blog/2009/12/essential-video-formats-for-cg-artists/\
\
Definitions\
http://www.techterms.com/definition/lossless\
\
http://www.techterms.com/definition/lossy\
\
Site shows differences of both formats\
http://www.howtogeek.com/142174/what-lossless-file-formats-are-why-you-shouldnt-convert-lossy-to-lossless/\
\
comparing images and drawings\
http://athleticaid.com/yaquinapress/image/\
\
\
Hello, \
\
My video is based on Lossy & Lossless Images. \
\
Lossy compression is when there is a certain amount of information thats been discarded when images are being shrunk. The loss of data and quality you find in lossy compressions are mostly found in images and audio files. When working with images the image quality may be pleasing to the eye if the image is small. However, when enlarging the image you may notice the image becomes distorted due to the compression. \
\
The pros when working with lossy compression is since the data is removed from the original file, their is less disk space being used which then improves the speed of the website. \
\
Lossless compression is basically when the data is decompressed but set back to its original form with no loss. This file also applies to images and audio formats. Because data is not lost you do not save data space which can result to a decrease in your webpage speed; however, the pro is that quality and resolution of an image or audio is not sacrificed either. }