{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 MP4 File Format\
\
A video codecs is used to compress video formats. Compressed video files using mp4 format have different elements. A motion picture displays different frames. These frames are compressed using H264. Since videos are compressed using mpeg-4, audio files are compressed separately using AAC. Other files that may need to be compressed with video and audio files are close caption XML and metadata files which hold titles. Each file is compressed separately using video codecs. They stream media at low bandwidth and compress files without losing quality.  \
MP4 was introduced in 1998 and developed by the Moving Picture Experts Group Team. This group collects royalties anytime they\'92re video format is used. For instance, if you have a website and in your website you are using mp4 videos you technically should be paying royalties to MPEG-4 for using their file format.\
\
http://www.winxdvd.com/resource/mp4.htm\
http://www.tansee.com/what-is-mp4-video.html\
\
\
\
\
WebM File Format\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 WebM was launched in 2010. This compressed video file format was developed by Google. Instead of using H264 video and AAC audio formats like MP4, WebM uses a VP8 video encoder and Ogg Vorbis compression for audio. According to Google, both of these are open standards; meaning, when WebM was developed their sole purpose was to specifically format for web purpose. This is because there is no one specific format used by all web browsers. The 2nd open standard they talk about is when using their format their is no royalty fee. One issue with WebM file format is that Apple is criticizing them. When first developing the encoder they used many similar H264 formats.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
http://www.webmproject.org/\
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/WebM\
\
\
\
Ogg Theora File Format\
\
Ogg Theora is developed by Xiph.Org Foundation and was initially released in 2004. They are similar to MPEG-4 format but they use a different type of compression. For video they use On2 VP3 video codec and a Vorbis audio codec. They competitors are MPEG-4, RealVideo, Windows Media Video and any company who uses a low bandwidth video compression. One difference about them is they distribute without licensing fees and have open media projects.   \
\
http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Theora\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 http://people.skolelinux.org/pere/blog/The_video_format_most_supported_in_web_browsers_.html\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\
I don\'92t really prefer any format over another. What I will say each have their own advantage. What I like about WebM and Ogg is they think about the small web developing companies and freelancer. With all of the fees a developer encounters between paying for images to hosting your webpage its nice to not have to worry about royalty fees. On the other hand, having an open concept on videos isn\'92t always good either. For musicians and cinema movies having an open concept would mean their work has no royalty fees so companies like iTunes whom you pay a fee to to download music or movies is no longer needed. \
}